## Design

1. Heroku: In order to publish our app to Heroku without using the CS50 IDE, we had to configure our Heroku account as well as install the Heroku CLI. In addition, we included a Procfile in our app to make sure Heroku knew which files to run when starting and running the app.
2. PostgreSQL: Because Heroku does not work well with MySQL or SQLite, we used Heroku's recommended SQL database server: PostgreSQL. Installing and configuring PostgreSQL was a challenging task. In addition, the syntax of PostgreSQL was slightly different from the syntax for MySQL.
3. Functionalities: For Login and Register, we based our design on CS50 Finance. We made sure to check that all inputs were filled in and valid. Otherwise, we rejected the form and returned an error message. For Create Event, we loosely based it on CS50 Finance as well, but we also implemented a more complex datetime picker form, which allows users to manually input dates and use a dropdown calendar datetime picker. Our Search function is also more complex because it orders the events by date and makes sure to delete any events are already occurred. The Manage Events page was one of the most complex because it includes two buttons for each event, both of which accomplish different tasks.
4. Flask-Session: We chose to use Flask-Session in order to log users in, a decision based on CS50 Finance. While this functionality worked flawlessly for our Flask app, it had bugs when used on Heroku. We hypothesize that Heroku clears the memory of the temporary file that CS50's configuration for Flask-Session used to store user sessions.
